Bad timing call, always.
What is it?
I miss you.
What do you mean?
We just hung up seconds ago.
Are you going to stay with me 24/7?
I'll go back to shoot TikTok.k to shoot TikTok.
Wait.
That's it. No more shooting.
What's up?
Have you seen this post? I've just tagged you.
What is it?
Don't want to be just friend. Let me be your boyfriend.
He isn't talking about me.
But aren't you two seeing each other?
I am not.
Well... we are talking,
as a friend.
Friend?
Friend doesn't do these things.
Don't you think I didn't notice.
I've known you since little.
You can't fool me. I know.
He is flirting with me.
But...
But I don't have any feeling for him.
Are you sure?
Why are you blushing?
Don't lie to me.
Damm,
you're so annoying.
I'll tell him to delete that status
See you later.
Hello.
Are you cooking?
Yes.
do you want to join me?
First things fist,
delete the post right now.
Which post?
That post about don't want to be just friend.
Everyone misunderstands and thinks that it is about me.
I think they are right.
Hey.
I'm just kidding.
Don't you like it? There're so many likes and shares,
you'll be famous.
It's true...
but it is too exposed,
and my friends are teasing me.
Too exposed, isn't it.
I'll find a less expose way.
Whatever. Just please delete that post.
Sure but with one condition,
we need to have a video call tonight.
Isn't that what we always do.
I'm afraid you'll bail on me.
Promise?
Promise.
I ilke you
share status
What the heck is this?
You said to be less exposed.
No one will see this, unless they are nosy.
Can I ask you something?
What is it, Tono?
Don't you have friends or anyone else to talk to?
Why are you talking to me everyday?
I don't...
and I want to talk to you only.
But, so many people want to know in social medias.
It's only online, not real life.
So... you've never had a boyfriend?e never had a boyfriend?
I don't know.
Is this Pattaya Beach?
This lighting and this atmospher.
feel like a heartbroken person.
Yes.
Yes means...
My boyfriend dumped me there.
Seriously? I'm so good at guessing.
Should I buy a lottery?
They said often stalking at someone means...
you're starting to have interest in that person.
I'm not stalking, I'm showing it to you.
Come to think about it, I'll look at your account.
Wow, you must have lots of girls.
None. I have only friends.
Tono...
Hmm...
Do you have someone you like?
Nope.
Can I take a shot with you?
What?
You're already blessed I talk to you.
I've never talked to anyone like this.
I won't take a shot with you then.
So... what about this?
I love you.
Share status
May I feel this way with you?
It's all I ask for now.
We don't have to be anything.
You've already posted a status like that.
Do you really need to ask?
Then come closer to the screen.
Why?
Quickly.
What did you just do?
Pecked your cheek as a deposit.
You're crazy!
Hello everyone.
9 PM today,
we're going to climb up conqueror 50 stars ranking.
Right now, let's wait for our friend.
Wait a sec,
why isn't he waiting for me.
I thought we are starting at 9 PM.
Guys, I'll be back.
Jade, why weren't you waiting for me?
You said we are starting at 9 PM.
Well, my friend happned to join in.
When will you finish?
So I can join.
I don't think you can.
What do you mean?
Got and Snack said that
they are doing serious matches today.
So what?
The thing is... maybe they think you're not being serious?
Like, you're just playing as a content.
What's wrong with them?
I'm not playing just to do a content.
But I think you do.
Fine. You guys just play.
I can play alone.
You're not mad at me, right?
No.
Just go.
Ok. Bye.
I've finised a book,
and you're still crying?
Is it that bad?
It hurts.
Like I'm heartbroken.
Like having a knife,
cut through my heart from behind.
That's more dramtic than an melodrama.
Don't worry.
Friend is still friend.
Don't think about it too much.
It's not something a friend does.
Do you want me to play with you?
No.
You'll come up with stupid rules if i loose.
Let's do a TikTok?
What are we doing?
How about this one?
It's too hard.
It is not hard
Try it first.
I see you have a ring light,
let's put it to use.
Do not look, I've already taken my shirt off.
Why are you still shy?
I've seen everything,
except... in the bathroom.
You're sick. I'm gonna call the authority to arrest you.
Why are you smiling.
I'm not smiling to be flirty,
I just think you're cute.
Enough.
I'm finishing the shoot.
Tono, what's wrong?